so i'm now going to welcome to the uh
virtual stage uh clive from this ain't
rock and roll
and it's that thing about
you're on your mic grandad grandad you
you unmute yourself
i couldn't find myself i was i was
looking at you jamie and enjoying what
you were saying
i wasn't i wasn't thinking of myself
um
so yeah just just to
go back on
um what jane was just saying there um i
was
you know amazed to finally meet david
and nika
and
we got some valuable advice from them
with extinction rebellion uh it's very
difficult to do these things and you
don't do them alone
as lots of people have mentioned earlier
today and and having a great mind like
david's to sort of lean on was really
helpful to us
um so
you know i
i really miss him and i know plenty of
you here miss him too but anyway
i'm here to sort of try and explain what
we originally intended which is of
course something visual so me talking
about it is going to be pretty pathetic
but originally it was called madrid
cares
and that's
really because we know madrid cares
but obviously
the madrid authorities didn't care in
fact the madrid authorities would care
less
and so
i think you have a thing in madrid where
you you might you say you still have all
the good songs and we've just heard one
from reverend billy and and
we may have not won the war to get the
visual assembly on in madrid but we
still have all the good songs
and today we can still sing which is
really important
but that's certainly not what we
imagined doing
what we imagined
was the square of the reign of sophia
the beautiful square there
filled with fluorescent yellow lines
grilling out
our sort of makeshift museum
a sort of
place where we could place our thoughts
and then we imagined this wonderful
group of people that are currently in
madrid
holding up an assembly in person so
online and offline
and with the wonderful jamie also sort
of conducting an english version online
and then also a spanish version online
with lots of people from all over the
world joining us
to begin to create something wonderful
on the square itself a sort of crazy
chaotic joyous painting across the
square made of
lots of stencils created by artists from
all over the world which we've collected
together and we would love you to add to
as well and i'll give you some um sort
of email addresses yes this comes with a
call to action so but this isn't the end
for the visual assembly because we are
going to do one
and we're going to do a visual assembly
i think in my hometown of london because
it's easier
for us to put it on here
but also
doing it in london would also like other
people all over the world
to self-organize their own visual
assemblers as well and we can help them
do this we can give them the stencils we
can help them with a bit of technology
maybe
um but we can certainly connect us all
together online and that's the wonderful
thing about being online is that we can
actually connect like we're doing today
and
sort of
what the point of this assembly will be
we haven't quite decided yet we don't
know what we'll deliberate on
but um
we will certainly have hopefully as
least as big an audience as today
probably not as wonderful an audience
because i think you're all wonderful
people
but um
so
to cut to the quick so
we would
like you to either contribute to stencil
and you can ask us for the brief at i
must get this right so i'll look down
very carefully
and take off my glasses we at
museum.care
and if you'd like to hold a visual
assembly you can contact us at we at
museum.care as well
and please do that and remember art can
be a weapon
and it can be a weapon
against a right-wing media
the surge of laissez-faire capitalism
a weapon against our
the closure of our public spaces
and in our time
a climate of climate and ecological
crisis
art really hasn't ever been as important
as it is now
and it's actually no longer good enough
to just have the good songs
um we need to win the culture war and
have the good songs
songs about care and freedom